	MELEE WEAPONS DO NOT HIT EACH OTHER

make sure the hit registering code doesn't pay any mind to non-blocking melee weapons. guns/nonmelee should stay as they are and be hit, be damaged, impart stun on actor etc

	WINDUP CODE MECHANIC

instead of playing an animation directly, separate two linked but different animations into "windup" and "release".
these would work exactly as the animation does now but simply in two parts, allowing us easily to "hold" the weapon for charging etc.

do not remove ANY functionality from the windup animation phases, even if it goes unused leave it all in.

	NORMAL vs STAB

allow attacks to describe themselves as either NORMAL or STAB for later functionality below.

	ATTACK SELECTING

hotkey attack mapping. primary: 1 attack, v another, mouse buttons/scrolling? to be determined

ALL weapons should have at least one NORMAL and one STAB attack. at least. even the hammer.

	CHARGED ATTACKS

due to the hotkeys and the windup mechanic it might get awkward to have to hold the hotkeys to charge into a heavy attack, especially if it's something like scrolling.
easy fix: once an attack has been selected thru a hotkey, allow a period for primary fire to act as the attack button to hold to charge instead.

all attacks can be charged now! the difference is simply windup time which can be directly multiplied!

0ms: v pressed for top attack, windup begins
400ms: primary fire held down
500ms: quick attack would be released, is not released because mouse is held down. instead CHARGED ATTACK begins. weapon still held in windup!
1000ms: CHARGED ATTACK releases.

	HELD BLOCK:

holding block would be an animation phase that you go in or out of so that it can animate smoothly and have an inherent unspammability. unique and cool looking for each weapon!

when block is held, all NORMAL strikes that physically collide with the weapon are basically nullified. no stun imparted, no wound on the blocking weapon etc

it is in our interest to make sure the held block animations are done in such a way that blocking isn't trivial, so that striking low, straight or high etc
can still actually get around them.

STAB attacks, however, go straight through a block, i.e. the attacking weapon acts as if the blocking weapon wasn't blocking at all.

	STABS BLOCK STABS
	
all weapons in a windup stage for a STAB act as if they're blocking to attacking STABs! this is the only way to "block" a STAB, by "chambering" it.
this acts exactly as held block, but for STABs. the attack is nullified, no stun no wound on any weapon, and presumably the attacker now has to quickly perform a stab to chamber back!

	REWARD
	
i will send you walnuts